debt is at an alltime high stocks are at
all-time highs what's driving everything
up it's pretty clear how this has come
to be and there's no telling how it will
all unwind are you ready for it you came
here for the truth today we are going to
look at the markets let's get into it
right away beginning with this article
it's talking about Bill gross us markets
are at their highest risk level since
before the 2008 financial crisis because
investors are paying a high price for
the chances they're taking that's
according to Bill gross he said a few
things that you would think was in the
money
GPS instead of buying low and selling
high you're buying high and crossing
your fingers and I think that's what a
lot of people have done there's a lot of
speculation that is going on and you get
speculation when you have low interest
rates and that's the next point right
here Central Bank policies for low and
negative interest rates are artificially
driving asset prices while creating
little growth in the real economy and
punishing individual Savers Banks and
insurance companies this is exactly what
I've talked about so many times before
it's good to hear it from somebody in
the industry as well when you have low
interest rates when you have negative
interest rates you distort the real
economy nobody knows what's really
supposed to happen what the real values
are at because we have these Central
planners and they seem to do a good job
at distorting everything and it seems to
me like everyone is just riding the wave
they're figuring you know what fine if
they're going to print money I'm at
least going to take advantage of it
and you know in a way I don't
necessarily disagree with these people
I'm just looking at it for what it is
and thinking at any moment if they
decide to pull the plug then we are of
course on the hook it's interesting what
he says here there's more of his um the
things that he said in this article I
want to move on and connect that into
some other points you're looking at
Amazon they're not just the company that
they were many years ago they seem to be
getting into all different Ventures and
one of them is this it has an Amazon
Lending Service that surpassed $3
billion in loans to small businesses
since it was launched in
2011 and you're seeing this company
expand just like the rest of its company
expand but I think it's very interesting
that a lot of these companies that
generally have nothing to do with
Finance seem to be getting into it why
because they have a lot of money and
they're willing to loan it out and make
that money back it seems to be a
foolproof policy that so many companies
are getting themselves involved in so I
just wanted to show you that and show
you how Finance is really blurring the
lines in with all of these other
different companies let's look at the
next article here snap Inc is the most
shorted Tech initial public offering IPO
of the year with a growing number of
Traders betting that the stock will fall
this seems to be quite the pump and dump
ever since the IPO it's been having
problems we saw that initially with
Facebook but then Facebook uh seemed to
really recover from that and go much
higher after that it doesn't seem that's
the case for snap and I would suggest to
everyone that don't get caught in the
frenzy whatever that is don't get caught
in the frenzy don't just say look it's
uh something that everyone's using today
and I think that it's going to be great
and you know this particular stock or
this particular investment did well so
therefore this one will do well and we
can see very clearly right here that's
not the case let's move on looking at
this we're looking at what is going on
with SNAP that's the food stamp program
the White House proposal to overhaul the
US Food Stamp program and the Deep cuts
it would make to the benefits for the
poorest households has sparked public
outrage on both sides of the aisle
there's another change tucked into the
proposal that businesses say caught them
off guard it's going to cost them over
$2 billion look at
this this provision is a new fee that
the White House wants to charge
retailers that accept the food stamps
so what are they talking about here
exactly well I'll show you in the next
couple articles as well the fee would be
assessed when the stores sign up and
will require renewal after 5 years
depends on the size of the retailer the
president's budget estimates the fee
would generate $2.4 billion in Revenue
over the next decade so how does this
actually affect people affect the stores
I have a couple points I want to make
number one is this redemptions by firm
type and
they they make a good point right here
essentially what I wanted to get to is
this combined supermarkets and
Superstores redeem just over 81% of all
SNAP benefits while making 14% of the
total number of un of authorized firms
so you're seeing that these places are
the places
where um a lot of the snap or food
stamps are used that's very C clear to
me from this now another point that I
want to make is in this chart here what
are people buying well the number one
item they're
purchasing junk Foods junk foods are
being purchased here with food stamps
that is the primary thing being
purchased with food stamps then next we
have milk and beef and bag snacks and it
goes on I would suggest to everyone that
by far far by far junk food is what's
being placed here you can see that as
far as I'm concerned anyway that it's
going to waste in a way these SNAP
benefits by allowing them I mean you see
some places what what they allow food
stamps to be used for I think it needs a
major overhaul the only issue that I
have with this with the cuts that the uh
Trump Administration plans to make and
with everything else is simply that when
you cut the benefits from people and
they don't get what they used to get you
have to be
prepared
for let's call it um setbacks or let's
just say it for what it is
riots and then last but not
least looking at this new patent
Facebook's emotion Tech patents show new
ways for face detecting and responding
to users feelings so here they
are they're going to be able to analyze
you and your feelings and then
capitalize on that I'm not exactly sure
how it's all going to take place but
perhaps they see that you're feeling sad
so they present you with something
that'll make you feel real happy maybe
something you have to buy maybe
something digital
I don't know exactly what they're going
to do with all this but I don't like the
fact that these devices are spying on us
number one and then it's a system that
we opt into this is the type of thing
that people will oped into it's not the
NSA secretly spying on me right now as
these cameras that I have facing me are
are doing the microphones are obviously
on and listening to me but this is
actually people opting into the system
which to me makes it a hell of a lot
worse that's it for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs
up if you found the video informative
then I assure you you will find my books
the money GPS and my new release global
economic collapse even more informative
the first book is about the four asset
classes and how to profit from it and my
new release is taking familiar Concepts
from the first book but then getting
into what I call the money GPS strategy
and that is reducing your monthly
expenses most importantly becoming
self-sufficient so if you want to look
through the book over at Amazon they
have this look inside feature and you
can actually flip through the pages over
there there's a link in the description
if you want the audiobook then you can
head over to the money gps.com you'll
see it there and uh you know for people
who are too busy maybe they want FR of
the car maybe they want it uh to put on
their music player it's up to you those
are there I also got the t-shirts going
now you can check that out at the money
gps.com last but not least I wanted to
tell you that if you want to follow me
on
steemit definitely get me on there the
reason I like steemit is simply the fact
that it's much a much uh better area
where you feel like you can say things
and not have to worry I can post links I
can post articles I don't have to worry
about all that all the the things that
YouTube has done all the
nefarious plans that they've put in
place and everything else I think that
this is something that could be good I
don't know where it's going to head in
the future but I can tell you right now
it is a very good community of people
over there at this time so hopefully
that continues on it's in the
description of this video you can get me
on steemit atth moneygps definitely
check me out on there if you don't know
what steemit is to begin with basically
it's a social media but it actually
rewards people for having an input so
whether it is you're you're up voting or
giving thumbs up or you're commenting or
you're posting you're rewarded with
their own digital currency which then
you can convert into other currencies
and everything else so I think it's
great check me out on there take care
but